Update Section 13.2 in the intial survival analysis example (#884)
mlr-org/mlr3book: book/chapters/chapter13/beyond_regression_and_classification.qmd

## Survival Analysis {#sec-survival}

`r index("Survival analysis")` is a field of statistics concerned with trying to predict/estimate the time until an event takes place.

> This predictive problem is unique because survival models are trained and tested on data that may include censoring, which occurs when the exact event time is not observed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This predictive problem is unique because survival models are trained and tested on data that may include censoring, which occurs when the exact event time is not observed for some individuals.
```

> The most common type of censoring is 'right censoring', which happens when the event of interest has not yet occurred by the time observation ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most common type of censoring is 'right censoring', which happens when the event of interest has not yet occurred by the time observation ends — either due to a fixed study cutoff (*administrative censoring*) or because individuals are lost to follow-up (*random censoring*).
```

For the rest of this section, censoring means right censoring unless otherwise stated.
Survival analysis can be hard to explain in the abstract, so as a working example consider a marathon runner in a race.
Here the 'survival problem' is trying to predict the time when the marathon runner finishes the race.
However, if the organizers stop recording finish times after a certain point, then any runner still running beyond that time will be censored.

> Instead of throwing away information about censored events, survival analysis datasets include a status variable that provides information about the 'status' of an observation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of discarding such incomplete observations, survival analysis incorporates a status variable to reflect whether the event was observed.
```

> In our example, we might record a runner's outcome as $(3, 1)$ if they finish the race at three hours and we observe it, and as $(4, 0)$ if they are still running at four hours when we stop observing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our example, we might record a runner’s outcome as $(3, 1)$ if they finish the race in three hours and we observe it, as $(4, 0)$ if they are still running at four hours when observation ends (administrative censoring), or as $(2.5, 0)$ if their tracking device fails and we lose contact at 2.5 hours (random censoring).
```
